Must understand individual-based thinking... not group-based thinking...
like not having a car, you go place to place... explain your thinking...
must see trees for the forrest... expand mind... you see, not all individual
caress this but primal instinct of life.... like nihilism.. and like what
reason is there... ethics... hacking demands rigorous system of ethics...
bad motivation... go away scriptkiddies... gobbles help script kiddy...
explain your thinking... must engage in argument to yield this result... you
see, character trait is more "rushed" more melancholic... yet this is wrong
behaviour for individual... must synthesize his system of conduct... like
Platonian age... modern civilization...  ethics are key to hacking...
totalitarian of... dictator... this is not about sociological pattern
matching... must harness the latent power of the mind... realign you
synaptic connections... only then can the light of pure reason flow...
unhindered... ethics... gobbles releases for fame and glory... gobbles is a
whitehat group... strive to obtain homeostasis... to strike the chord of
love and humility... gobbles is about hacking ethics... must feel consumed
by machine hacked... but not to slay it... no, Buddhism teach us to respect
all forms of life... inhale... exhale... the lungs fill like jugs of
water... rhythmic... contemplate... ruminate... cogitate... the meaning will
unveil itself... gobbles is about ethics... fuck gobbles those bugtraq
fameseekers... gobbles is fucking lame... philosophy come from within....
very... much...  yes, yes true not always... but democratic society say that
even horse relieved of pulling cart... you see... apple fall from tree.. not
inspire Newton... no, _TRUE_ inspiration is like ice cream on bent metal
spoon.... spoon bent by telekinetic abilities... engulfed by ethics...
religion is wrong... love bugtraq... it not your friend or your enemy...
only YOU make it... like this... is wrong to categorically deny this... this
habit of seeing flashing light... no, not all that glitters is gold... open
mind to possibilities... no, that wrong thought processes... must be more
attuned to cosmic ebb... must think... think for self... think for group...
help evolve....

